---
date: 2020-03-05 6:30pm
---
**Present**:
Kyle Cotton, Lars Thalian Morstad, Dee Yeum,  Yannik Nelson, Athiya Deviyani, Alan Paul, Alexandra Purcarea, Kim Stonehouse, Rokas Gudavicius, Lorenzo Baldini. 

**Agenda**
* HTB
	* Went very well
	* HackerEats did not go so well. Might be a good idea still, but should be implemented better.
	* Use Hackathon.uk and MLH next year, helped with a lot of things. Helped with judging etc. 
	* Judging needs to be planned better. 
	* CompSoc challenge was fun, should be continued. 
	* More things like the planking challenge.
	* Lots of help from the school, especially with the occupation. 
	* We should be more transparent, perhaps invite a rep from the School to some central meetings.
	* Sponsorship tiers are good.
	* Cupboard needs to be cleaned.
* InfBall
	* Menu has been decided. 
	* Ticket website is close to being ready. Ticket sale goes out soon.
	* Staff has been invited. 
	* After party needs to be organized. 
* Remaining sponsor events
	* Contact sponsors about their remaining events. 
* More Socials!
**Decisions** 
*  Kyle and Lars will be co-directing HtB next year. More details will come later.
* CompSoc will sponsor creatEd with £ 500.
**TODO**
* Finalize CompSoc/ Htb contracts for next year. 
* CompSoc emails are going to spam

