---
date: 2020-06-06 6:30pm
---
**Present**:
Kyle Cotton, Lars Thalian Morstad, Dee Yeum, Lorenzo Baldini,  Yannik Nelson, Athiya Deviyani, Alan Paul, Alexandra Purcarea,  Rokas Gudavicius, Samuel Macleod.

**Agenda**:
* HTB as usual
	* We will be charged out-of-hours price for Gordon Aikman and AT.  Even with extra costs we are well in the green. 
	* Issue with tshirts, sized were collected too late. 
	* People are let into on an individual basis, not a team basis. 
	* We need to thick about who runs HTB next year.
	* Many problems with the tech side of things.
	* Suggestion to have food delivered to desks instead of queuing. Will implement a system to ensure one person gets one meal.
	* CompSoc unique challenge!
* InfBall
	* Need to pay deposit and for band.
	* Budget looks good.
	* Might need to cut some of the flashier things, like the chocolate fountain.
* Social events
	* Potential for another event with GS. They are willing to sponsor a social. 
	* Ice Skating
	* Pub Crawls /Quizzes
* STMU discussion, mainly about day change
	* Wednesdays are sports and societies day, meaning that people might be busy. 
	* The format of STMUs might need a rework.
	* There is only one STMU left, might be good to suggest a different day for the new committee.
* Preparation for AGM
	* The comittee is doing to sit down and write up a "How to run CompSoc", which would include admin, sponsors, HtB tech, etc.
	* Announce nominations
	* Collect manifestos
	* Decide voting
	* Publish manifestos
	* Come up with more things to do for year reps. 
	* Suggestion: change to what counts as quorate committee. 
* EUSA elections
	* Samuel is running as eusa president. CompSoc is willing to endorse him. 
